_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: ""
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

**Welcome 😀**  
======  
I am currently a PhD candidate in Systems and Control Engineering at [Tokyo Institute of Technology](https://www.titech.ac.jp/), advised by [Prof. Takeshi Hatanaka](https://hatanakalab.wixsite.com/website/faculty). My research focuses on coverage control and multi-robot systems, primarily using UAVs (Unmanned Aerial Vehicles) 🚁.

Before starting my PhD, I completed my Master's degree at Tokyo Institute of Technology, where I worked on multi-robot task allocation problems using UAVs and UGVs (Unmanned Ground Vehicles) to address solar radiation monitoring in a thermosolar plant. This research was conducted in collaboration with the University of Seville, under [Prof. J.M. Maestre](https://personal.us.es/jmaestre/).

Earlier, I earned my Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering from the [Bandung Institute of Technology](https://www.itb.ac.id/), Indonesia, where I worked on a Hybrid Autonomous Underwater Glider (HAUG) with [Prof. Bambang Riyanto](https://scholar.google.co.jp/citations?user=Ik5Ft5EAAAAJ&hl).


**Latest News 🗞️**  
======  
- **August 2024:** Our paper *Real-time Adaptation of Drone Altitude and Object Detection Model for Moving Target Tracking* has been presented in the **SICE Festival 2024**, Kochi, Japan.
- **April 2024:** Our paper *Efficient Angle-Aware Coverage Control for Large-Scale Map Reconstruction using Drone Networks* has been published in **SICE JCMSI**.
- **November 2023:** I gave a presentation on collaborative 3D structure reconstruction using drone teams at the **SSS Global Forum 2023** in Tokyo, Japan.
- **September 2023:** Our paper *Hierarchical Vessel Autonomous Operation in a Port with Safety Certificates: Combined MPC and CBF Approach* has been accepted for presentation at **IFAC World Congress 2023**.
- **April 2023:** Our paper *Predictive Receding-Horizon Multi-Robot Task Allocation Applied to the Mapping of Direct Normal Irradiance in a Thermosolar Power Plant* has been published in the **Solar Energy** journal.
- **November 2022:** I gave a poster presentation on *Human-Collaborative Control of Drone Networks with Virtual Reality* at the **Wise SSS Matching Workshop 2022**.
- **October 2022:** Thrilled to have started my PhD at the Tokyo Institute of Technology in **Hatanaka Laboratory**.


Mentorship & Outreach 🛩️
======
If you’re a high school student interested in learning about robotics or begin exploring programming and engineering, feel free to contact me! I’m always glad to help with questions and offer guidance. 

For all professional and consulting inquiries, please use [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/muhammad-hanif-6189b0157/).

Commit message:

ECC25 papers have been accepted

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: ""
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

**Welcome 😀**  
======  
I am currently a PhD candidate in Systems and Control Engineering at [Tokyo Institute of Technology](https://www.titech.ac.jp/), advised by [Prof. Takeshi Hatanaka](https://hatanakalab.wixsite.com/website/faculty). My research focuses on coverage control and multi-robot systems, primarily using UAVs (Unmanned Aerial Vehicles) 🚁.

Before starting my PhD, I completed my Master's degree at Tokyo Institute of Technology, where I worked on multi-robot task allocation problems using UAVs and UGVs (Unmanned Ground Vehicles) to address solar radiation monitoring in a thermosolar plant. This research was conducted in collaboration with the University of Seville, under [Prof. J.M. Maestre](https://personal.us.es/jmaestre/).

Earlier, I earned my Bachelor's degree in Electrical Engineering from the [Bandung Institute of Technology](https://www.itb.ac.id/), Indonesia, where I worked on a Hybrid Autonomous Underwater Glider (HAUG) with [Prof. Bambang Riyanto](https://scholar.google.co.jp/citations?user=Ik5Ft5EAAAAJ&hl).


**Latest News 🗞️**  
======  
- **March 2025:** Our paper *Impact of Real-time Map Feedback on Coordinated Image Sampling for 3D Reconstruction* and *Hierarchical Multi-Robot Data Sampling for Environmental State Estimation through Online Gaussian Process* has been accepted for presentation in **European Control Conference 2025**.
- **August 2024:** Our paper *Real-time Adaptation of Drone Altitude and Object Detection Model for Moving Target Tracking* has been presented in the **SICE Festival 2024**, Kochi, Japan.
- **April 2024:** Our paper *Efficient Angle-Aware Coverage Control for Large-Scale Map Reconstruction using Drone Networks* has been published in **SICE JCMSI**.
- **November 2023:** I gave a presentation on collaborative 3D structure reconstruction using drone teams at the **SSS Global Forum 2023** in Tokyo, Japan.
- **September 2023:** Our paper *Hierarchical Vessel Autonomous Operation in a Port with Safety Certificates: Combined MPC and CBF Approach* has been accepted for presentation at **IFAC World Congress 2023**.
- **April 2023:** Our paper *Predictive Receding-Horizon Multi-Robot Task Allocation Applied to the Mapping of Direct Normal Irradiance in a Thermosolar Power Plant* has been published in the **Solar Energy** journal.
- **November 2022:** I gave a poster presentation on *Human-Collaborative Control of Drone Networks with Virtual Reality* at the **Wise SSS Matching Workshop 2022**.
- **October 2022:** Thrilled to have started my PhD at the Tokyo Institute of Technology in **Hatanaka Laboratory**.


Mentorship & Outreach 🛩️
======
If you’re a high school student interested in learning about robotics or begin exploring programming and engineering, feel free to contact me! I’m always glad to help with questions and offer guidance. 

For all professional and consulting inquiries, please use [Linkedin](https://www.linkedin.com/in/muhammad-hanif-6189b0157/).
